---- CODE OF CONDUCT ----

This server operates based on initiation. The use of /advert is not necessary; simply initiate via In-Game Mechanics, Proximity Text & Voice Chat.

Do not compare or assume our rules are the same as other servers. Use common sense. If your gameplay negatively impacts someone's experience, do not be surprised if you are jailed or banned, even if there isn't a rule directly addressing it.

General Rules:

1. Do not advertise products, servers, or services.
2. Maintain a normal character name.
3. Use English in OOC (Out Of Character) only.
4. Avoid mic spamming unless the job permits it, e.g., preacher & hobo.
5. Refrain from complaining excessively in OOC.
6. Do not ask for Admins in OOC; keep it to general chat.
7. Do not share your own or anybody's personal information.
8. Respect the Staff; do not insult them.

Roleplay Rules:

1. Meta Gaming: Using forms of communication or knowledge that wouldn't be available through RP (Role Play) is against the rules and is punishable.
   A. OOC is Out Of Character, as well as other forms of communication outside of the server. Using info gained from these in RP is Meta Gaming.
2. FailRP: Do not act out of character for your job/role or ruin/ignore the RP situation, such as police committing crimes or committing suicide to prevent robbery.
3. NLR: When dying, you must forget about your previous life and cannot return to where you died for 3 minutes. This is the New-Life-Rule.
4. Mugging, Terror, and Kidnapping have a 10-minute cooldown.
5. You cannot kidnap someone for longer than 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, if no payment is made, you must either kill or release them.
6. Raiding cooldown is determined by the in-game script for it. Currently, it's 10 minutes.

Interactions with People:

1. RDM: Killing people without an RP reason is considered "Random Death Match" and will be punished.
2. Scamming: Scamming people out of their in-game money is not allowed and will be punished (e.g., claiming to sell guns to someone and not doing so).
3. Mugging: If you mug someone, give them at least 5 seconds to respond, unless they:
   A. Move
   B. Pull out a gun
4. RA: Arresting people without an RP reason is considered "Random Arrest" and will be punished.
5. Excessive racism is not tolerated.

Building Rules:

1. Building: Entrances, corridors, and interiors must follow fair rules to make every base raidable in some way.
   A. It has 4 or fewer fading doors, no more than 3 in a row. 5-second timer minimum excluding windows.
   B. Two people can fit side by side in the doorway. The gap between each fading door must be able to fit two people in line as well.
2. Defending: You can't shoot through one-way props, however, they may be used as cover, as long as no bullets pass through. No small kill holes/boxes to shoot at a person who is unable to fight back in a fair way.

Staff Decisions:

What the staff says, goes. They are in charge of managing the game and ensuring it's fair and enjoyable for all. 

If what they say contradicts a rule, then it's done at their discretion. If you feel staff are being unfair or abusive, report them through the proper channels on Discord.
